More sla acs (#1898)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0042-LIQF-setting_fees_and_rewarding_lps.md

  - If an LP has an active liquidity provision at the start of an epoch, the average `penalty rate` over the previous `n-1` epochs is `0.5` and throughout the epoch they always meet their liquidity provision requirements then they will have a `fraction_of_time_on_book == 1` for the latest epoch a penalty rate of `0.5` will be applied to liquidity fee payments at the end of the epoch (<a name="0042-LIQF-039" href="#0042-LIQF-039">0042-LIQF-039</a>)
  - If an LP has an active liquidity provision at the start of an epoch, the average `penalty rate` over the previous `n-1` epochs is `0.5` and throughout the epoch they never meet their liquidity provision requirements then they will have a `fraction_of_time_on_book == 0` for the latest epoch a penalty rate of `1` will be applied to liquidity fee payments at the end of the epoch (<a name="0042-LIQF-040" href="#0042-LIQF-040">0042-LIQF-040</a>)

>   - If an LP has an active liquidity provision at the start of an epoch and no previous performance hysteresis and throughout the epoch always meets their liquidity provision requirements then they will have a `fraction_of_time_on_book == 1` and no penalty will be applied to their liquidity fee payments at the end of the epoch. (<a name="0042-LIQF-054" href="#0042-LIQF-054">0042-LIQF-054</a>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If an LP has an active liquidity provision at the start of an epoch and no previous performance penalties and throughout the epoch always meets their liquidity provision requirements then they will have a `fraction_of_time_on_book == 1` then no penalty will be applied to their liquidity fee payments at the end of the epoch. (<a name="0042-LIQF-054" href="#0042-LIQF-054">0042-LIQF-054</a>)
```

  - If an LP has an active liquidity provision at the start of an epoch and throughout the epoch always meets their liquidity provision requirements then they will have a `fraction_of_time_on_book == 1` and no penalty will be applied to their liquidity fee payments at the end of the epoch (<a name="0042-LIQF-035" href="#0042-LIQF-035">0042-LIQF-035</a>)
  - If an LP has an active liquidity provision at the start of an epoch and throughout the epoch meets their liquidity provision requirements less than `market.liquidity.commitmentMinTimeFraction` fraction of the time then they will have a full penalty and will receive `0` liquidity fee payments at the end of the epoch (<a name="0042-LIQF-049" href="#0042-LIQF-049">0042-LIQF-049</a>)

>   - If an LP has an active liquidity provision at the start of an epoch, during the epoch market parameter change `market.liquidity.performanceHysteresisEpochs > 1` is enacted, throughout the epoch always meets their liquidity provision requirements then they will have a `fraction_of_time_on_book == 1` and no penalty will be applied to their liquidity fee payments at the end of the epoch. The next epoch, the average `penalty rate` over the previous `n-1` epochs is `0.75` and throughout the epoch they always meet their liquidity provision requirements then they will have a `fraction_of_time_on_book == 1` for the latest epoch a penalty rate of `0.75` will be applied to liquidity fee payments at the end of the epoch. (<a name="0042-LIQF-054" href="#0042-LIQF-054">0042-LIQF-054</a>)

Reviewer: Which part of the spec does ` then they will have a `fraction_of_time_on_book == 1` for the latest epoch a penalty rate of `0.75` will be applied to liquidity fee payments at the end of the epoch.` come from?

Author: that should be an assumption like so

 `If an LP has an active liquidity provision at the start of an epoch, the average `penalty rate` over the previous `n-1` epochs is `0.75` and during the epoch market parameter change `market.liquidity.performanceHysteresisEpochs > 1` is enacted, throughout the epoch always meets their liquidity provision requirements then they will have a `fraction_of_time_on_book == 1` and no penalty will be applied to their liquidity fee payments at the end of the epoch. The next epoch, the average `penalty rate` over the previous `n-1` epochs is `0.75` and throughout the epoch they always meet their liquidity provision requirements then they will have a `fraction_of_time_on_book == 1` for the latest epoch a penalty rate of `0.75` will be applied to liquidity fee payments at the end of the epoch. (<a name="0042-LIQF-054" href="#0042-LIQF-054">0042-LIQF-054</a>)`

Reviewer: It's just not correct the way it's written.

Reviewer: The relevant calculation is lines 264-275 in 0042.

Author: i spoke to David offline and merged his suggestion for this AC

>   - If an LP has an active liquidity provision at the start of an epoch, the average penalty rate over the previous `n-1` epochs is `0.75` and during the epoch market parameter change `market.liquidity.performanceHysteresisEpochs = 3` is enacted, throughout the epoch always meets their liquidity provision requirements then they will have a `fraction_of_time_on_book == 1` and no penalty will be applied to their liquidity fee payments at the end of the epoch. The next epoch, the average `penalty rate` over the previous `n-1` epochs is `0.375` and throughout the epoch they always meet their liquidity provision requirements then they will have a `fraction_of_time_on_book == 1` for the latest epoch a penalty rate of `0.375` will be applied to liquidity fee payments at the end of the epoch. (<a name="0042-LIQF-054" href="#0042-LIQF-054">0042-LIQF-054</a>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - An LP has an active liquidity provision at the start of an epoch. The penalty rate for said LP over the previous `2` epochs is `0.75`. During the epoch `market.liquidity.performanceHysteresisEpochs` is set to `3`. Throughout the current epoch the LP meets their liquidity provision requirements so they will have `fraction_of_time_on_book == 1`. The penalty applied to fee distribution at epoch end will be `0.375`. (<a name="0042-LIQF-054" href="#0042-LIQF-054">0042-LIQF-054</a>)
```
